a gospel showcase brought the best
choirs and some big-name artists here to
Pulaski County the annual shout Alleluia
showcase drew a huge crowd right here to
the Clear Channel Metroplex this
afternoon choirs from across Central
Arkansas put on their best performances
in hopes of snagging a record deal in
tonight's big winner seam right there
the glory land pastor's choir
producers songwriters a whole team
that's willing to write music produce
their music and everything and they're
caught with a single we're gonna play
that on our station 94 9 hallelujah a
founder national recording artist James
fortune and Ricky Dillard helps judge
the event may also form today
Oh